Good afternoon,
I’m from the city of Khmelnitsky Klinova,
where
from Belgorod it’s really a joke, it’s
true that you had Shebekino
evacuated there and settled at the stadium, I really
understood, for example, that you didn’t
want to take some
acquaintances home and our shebeks lived on them
I don’t have any acquaintances,
but just some parents with children
who now live at the stadium
Yes, I wish you lived like
that
they rented five times more expensive, so
yes, and apartments rented out a squad there weren’t
such people Who lived shorter at the stadium did
n’t exist
at all
even two or three days the family spent the night like this we
spent the night we drove further there Kharkov
drove Kiev and so on and a bunch here
in the city we had direct volunteer groups
dismantled people for an overnight stay from the authorities,
stadiums were also organized to a place where
it was possible to be normal and there are sanatoriums
schools, as it were, delivered children not children to
everyone, but how did it happen that in all of
Russia there is one small town of up to 45,000,
we say they create conditions for living
there, they solve hostel issues now
that the institute belonged to
universities now they are given away, they
move to universities and still
organize to  We didn’t live in the stadium, yes,
but it was a temporary measure for
now, for now, everything was organized now.
As far as I know the hostel,
how it happened. I just can’t
understand if I thought it was fake.
that is,
Russia cannot allow hostilities
on its territory, but it really
turned out to be the way it happened. Well,
it is presented this way from the Ukrainian side
that this is a civil war,
Russian citizens.
to say that
because of this moment,
people who support their own
will increase there up to 95 percent 60 Everyone
already doesn’t give a [ __ ], everyone doesn’t give a [ __ ] how
the number of people who
support him has increased, we have already seen Yes Well,
everyone fled from Shebekino, even the cops all
under shelling the whole city
where everyone  these support that they will come to the
defense of the Belgorod region in short, they will
fight back you have a
civil war some
10 or 20 of these Russian
Volunteers came in Yes, and they briefly captured
the pancake, they all ran away And you couldn’t do anything
here who sings you start you now
after that you will go  Are you fighting again or
what, after what you saw, pinning something
there, she’s
already sitting there, [ __ ] up, he’d
do something sensible No,
everything’s not so good, she’s doing now
What she’s doing in the kitchen now
And what can’t you take help her
fold  dishes
and what are you sitting here
you know better than anyone who should do
something No I have a wife I would be ashamed to
know that my wife is now plowing in the
kitchen I’m short
damn it’s funny You expose yourself
just know how you still don’t
respect you  your wife
put two plates from the dishwasher.
Look, you
say that they will start supporting
their own there. it’s something completely
worried.
the question of organization is
how long it will hang, but now the
Chechens have offered their help, they have 70
thousand seven thousand trained fighters,
there are those who were precisely engaged in
counter-terrorist activities, she
caught such fugitives in the Kadyrov forest,
yes Well, at least people who are trained in
our country, as it were, the civilian population of
the therodefense, but  no one prepares not to
study
Well, because it’s not serious at this level
If Prigozhin
organizes, I’ll sign up, and you can
write Prigogine so that he comes to
help you protect Prigogine Prigogine himself has
already been here He’s sort of
sorted everything out, there should be how many
weapons
when he was, he came to the Belgorod
region, he communicated with the defense
for a week and a half,
you have been fighting there for three days already
Why Prigozhin won’t come and
put things in order at the wedding
Ministry of Defense says that
we will decide everything ourselves
The Ministry of Defense
wanted to come out of the bang
to protect Belgorod and the Ministry  defense,
we don’t allow Let them kill, like, the
Ministry of Defense says that we are here
Themselves with a mustache, but they don’t do it very well
[music]
so maybe for a week a month, like, they don’t
succeed,
but specifically people suffer from shelling, they
die There, five people were killed
Well, you know Well  it’s not all sad, of course,
but it’s all the other way around. I
think it affects people who are angry and this percentage
that he told you about, he still
increased
somewhere in the war in Ukraine, but it’s another thing
when you have to cling from
chitbekino and you ask what the [ __ ] is to me
here like Donetsk
when civilians are killed just like that
percentage percentage percentage of those who support
their own increases the
city
killing people just like that when in Ukraine
Yes you attacked
very volunteer points at the military registration and enlistment office
And you didn’t even go volunteers
you went with him These are the people
who were resettled to help them deliver food there
And so on, no one is sitting
on our ass when there were refugees, I didn’t
go, we just had darkness, I say we
had a group We threw off there so it’s
necessary to bring it shorter then a pancake a lot of
people respond to the movement such was all something
helped and you are sitting  in short,
these kins have arrived [ __ ] them in the ass, that's
all, therefore, no one will
support more SV, this is all a fable,
now it will continue to beat around Moscow, Muscovites
will still suffer Yes, it's even more than
backings Belgorod yours will also be Belgorod
Soon to Belgorod it's red
you understand the lines, look there you meet
beykin then Belgorod Yes then Kaluga
so get ready
wrong
people understand that my heart of defense
somewhere is not finalizing and how
much hope there is that they will give
Prigozhin the opportunity to organize this work,
give him this opportunity,
I will come to help  and if you don’t let him, he won’t come, he didn’t, by the
way, promised that he would come to
help if the Ministry of Defense was there,
but he couldn’t cope He promised that he would come
No, he said that if they give us
shells
No, he said bahmut with a bangnut
I looked at the
meaning That’s how he said
the parishioners will decide everything  these questions if he is
given this opportunity
if Prigozhin is not given the opportunity he will
not come Well,
anyway, there must be some point
Where weapons are issued,
so it will be organized anyway,
as if the Chechens have already
signed up for a powerful counter, as it were,
everyone is ready
as soon as  The Ministry of Defense will reach the
Peak. I think
you want to help.
Well, in short, here we are Cola from
Yermol, he is also ready to help Belgorod
if the Ministry of Defense allows it.
Let me tell him Cola.
doesn’t allow their
account not to allow our kid, like, let’s
let it go.
In short, besides Prigogine and
Akhmat, the flour is also ready to come and help
there,
but you need to call so that he gives
permission to come
yes The only question remains
I don’t
Why
for so many years  we didn’t get a phone call
about
more questions so far, what’s
going on, what’s
getting
flaws, some are obviously
getting flaws because of these
flaws, the shebekins are suffering and
will suffer for the time being, it’s not known when
Akhmat will come when Prigozhin will come Well,
we’ll see I think this will be
resolved next week if it
continues like this  in the same spirit
[music]
it will be resolved And if it doesn’t end and
Belgorod starts shelling you will
arrive in Kursk at the stadium
I think if it does reach
Belgorod then there will already be
Thrash No I don’t think I will bring
people to start there some kind of  then the unrest of the
demands there to give out weapons,
many sing very much Of course,
I think yes, maybe I’m
just looking at looking forward to what
will happen
[music]
what will happen
it’s already obvious what will happen that
I think managers will be exchanged for
workers Such are the combat commanders  whom they
changed Shoigu for whom they change They
still I’m talking about managers I’m
talking managers to
change to combat managers
they didn’t change anything because there is all one
corruption gang and will not change
their
fairy tales and type and goes nuts when he
still flees from Belgorod